Add guides for returns and a couple of related how-to guides (#61)
solidusio/edgeguides: docs/how-tos/how_to_use_custom_logic_to_calculate_refunds.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

> # How to use custom logic to calculate refunds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to use custom logic to calculate return refunds
```
Perhaps it's a bit clearer?

Author: Integrated.

is [configured][configure-refund-calculator] in the return item model.

Sometimes, though, stores need a stricter policy. Imagine that the full refund
is only granted during the first week after placing the order. During the
second week, there's a 25% penalty; beyond that, only 50% of the item's price
is refunded.

We can create our custom refund calculator accounting for those requirements
while we can still lean on the default implementation:

```ruby title="app/services/amazing_store/calculator/returns/with_penalty.rb"
# frozen_string_literal: true

module AmazingStore
  module Calculator
    module Returns
      class WithPenalty < Spree::Calculator::Returns::DefaultRefundAmount
        def compute(return_item)
          default = super
          case days_since_order(return_item)
          when 0..7
            default
          when 8..14
            default * 0.75
          else
            default * 0.5
          end
        end

        private

        def days_since_order(return_item)
          (Date.today - return_item.inventory_unit.order.created_at.to_date).to_i
        end
      end
    end
  end
end
```

> We need to configure the returns item model to enable it. Let's leverage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to configure the returns item model to enable our calculator. Let's leverage
```

Author: Integrated.
